---
title: AWS Storage Gateway
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet - 2
---

AWS Storage Gateway is a set of hybrid storage services that enables you to store data on-premises in your own storage infrastructure and then access it from AWS cloud services. AWS Storage Gateway is a fully managed service that provides a simple, scalable, elastic, and cost-effective way to store and access data in the cloud. AWS Storage Gateway provides a simple interface that allows you to create and configure file systems quickly and easily. With AWS Storage Gateway, storage capacity is elastic, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, so your applications have the storage they need, when they need it. AWS Storage Gateway is built to scale on demand to petabytes without disrupting applications, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, so your applications have the storage they need, when they need it. AWS Storage Gateway provides a simple interface that allows you to create and configure file systems quickly and easily. With AWS Storage Gateway, storage capacity is elastic, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, so your applications have the storage they need, when they need it. AWS Storage Gateway is built to scale on demand to petabytes without disrupting applications, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, so your applications have the storage they need, when they need it.

Storage Gateway Volume gateway is for backing up your off-cloud storage volumes on S3.
	
File Gateway lets S3 act a local file system using NFS or SMB, extends your local hard drive to S3 storage. Source: [What is Storage Gateway](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/userguide/what-is-storage-gateway.html)